Add documentation for authentication token expirations (#321)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/team-tokens.mdx

| :----- | :----------------------------------- |
| POST   | /teams/:team_id/authentication-token |

> This endpoint returns the secret text of the created authentication token. A token value is only shown upon creation, and cannot be recovered later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint returns the secret text of the new authentication token. A token value is only returned upon creation, and cannot be recovered later.
```
